This is it people, good morning, everything beauty comes.
Good, I said I 'll make a video.
showing the solution of the problem of failure
Unfortunately, I had no solution.
I calm down, same day, at the same time
Night with calm stirring here working.
with this hypothesis
working with the finished crumb
unlocking there carefully I did in
I played with graphite I did a job there
and already keep the covers here showing that
is one more for the team the chance is going
appear and needs to be a key
long it is well in the south and already
It is mounted
It is already running
The key is normal and it was not
coming out was in that's it
and I'll show you here I'll enjoy it
Chin enjoy the video will close pound
completed to talk about another
Subject is this car he has
lighting is a little hopscotch
little yellow and let's just say it's a
line and it has this lighting here
this other lighting here I had
problems with it recently
deleted here are two luso two lights
spinning is good here and one of them who
looked at one side here and then erased
the other side and I had these lights on
and just kept house swapping're two
Little hands are here to change these lights.
here is a little simple is she stand
inside this panel of controls
air conditioner and you need to
remove this cover and how I had it
unhappiness I 'm not half this type
was without the camera on the day
so I'll leave it down here in the
description of the video is a link where I
this structure is being
removed in an easy and
to be able to take much that has to
be careful not to break the
Kibon hangs on the video explaining
the silver
and I have other vuitton here there is a
lighting inside that cushion
This is where I opted for a show.
here I open the car has here is that
cushion that there is an illumination here
also that I chose not to not switch
lamp does not fix up a matter of
do not stay here be the work with
This pussy is open all the time.
inside the glove compartment we have
lighting also lighting also
but it is not refrigerated it is more
one
another curiosity here
the car alarm sensor that is
original tape your father here this mirror
He is not an economic factor, he is.
only this setting here but it is not
snapshot
this side here we have door to door
documents to the same theme door to door
the moon the mirror grandson by courtesy
we have a courtesy mirror
original spirit of that car he he
It was plastic and approached quite there
making it easier to go to women only
for anyone to use a blessed mirror
but how did it get worn out ?
very poor quality I went to a
Any simple mirror glazing
to come even I took this frame that
wide track it's all dark off
here and put in place so it's
it's not hard for you to work he has
Those the bitch that bore you back here has
22 years has put everything very
video is not for less
showing also the flesh has no light of
courtesy that does not have a
third head restraint reminding that
the 30 years palio 1,148 valves it has
with backrest here it is very foldable
cool but I do not have the
three points is only the protective belt
lumbar, even that's good, these people.
I took the opportunity to talk about some
curiosities aheta
and that's it turned the keychain back on
told me that it might not be the
but the locking mechanism of the
direction you remove thought the
steering lock
Let's wait and if he comes back to a
something happens, something happens, me and me
I'll talk to you again, I'll be back.
show you a solution then it 's
That's a quick video, there it is.
We're closing here.
A hug, thanks people.